view/interfaces/IDialogChoice.java
 view.interfaces.IDialogChoice
model/ShapeColor.java
 model.ShapeColor
 model.ShapeColor$1
controller/IJPaintController.java
 controller.IJPaintController
model/interfaces/IUndoable.java
 model.interfaces.IUndoable
model/interfaces/ICommand.java
 model.interfaces.ICommand
model/ShapeType.java
 model.ShapeType
view/interfaces/PaintCanvasBase.java
 view.interfaces.PaintCanvasBase
model/ShapeShadingType.java
 model.ShapeShadingType
view/interfaces/IEventCallback.java
 view.interfaces.IEventCallback
model/interfaces/IApplicationState.java
 model.interfaces.IApplicationState
model/CommandHistory.java
 model.CommandHistory
model/interfaces/IShape.java
 model.interfaces.IShape
view/gui/Gui.java
 view.gui.Gui
model/dialogs/ChooseShadingTypeDialog.java
 model.dialogs.ChooseShadingTypeDialog
model/SelectShapeCommand.java
 model.SelectShapeCommand
model/ShapeList.java
 model.ShapeList
model/GroupCommand.java
 model.GroupCommand
view/interfaces/IUiModule.java
 view.interfaces.IUiModule
model/BorderOutline.java
 model.BorderOutline
 model.BorderOutline$1
model/RedoCommand.java
 model.RedoCommand
model/EllipseStrategy.java
 model.EllipseStrategy
 model.EllipseStrategy$1
view/gui/PaintCanvas.java
 view.gui.PaintCanvas
model/persistence/ApplicationState.java
 model.persistence.ApplicationState
model/dialogs/ChooseSecondaryColorDialog.java
 model.dialogs.ChooseSecondaryColorDialog
view/gui/GuiWindow.java
 view.gui.GuiWindow
model/UnGroupCommand.java
 model.UnGroupCommand
model/MoveCommand.java
 model.MoveCommand
view/interfaces/IGuiWindow.java
 view.interfaces.IGuiWindow
model/dialogs/ChoosePrimaryColorDialog.java
 model.dialogs.ChoosePrimaryColorDialog
model/dialogs/DialogProvider.java
 model.dialogs.DialogProvider
model/dialogs/ChooseShapeDialog.java
 model.dialogs.ChooseShapeDialog
model/CreateShape.java
 model.CreateShape
model/CopyCommand.java
 model.CopyCommand
model/ColorAdapter.java
 model.ColorAdapter
model/Shape.java
 model.Shape
model/DrawShapeStrategy.java
 model.DrawShapeStrategy
 model.DrawShapeStrategy$1
model/UndoCommand.java
 model.UndoCommand
model/MouseMode.java
 model.MouseMode
model/dialogs/ChooseStartAndEndPointModeDialog.java
 model.dialogs.ChooseStartAndEndPointModeDialog
model/ShapeMaker.java
 model.ShapeMaker
model/interfaces/IDialogProvider.java
 model.interfaces.IDialogProvider
model/PasteCommand.java
 model.PasteCommand
main/Main.java
 main.Main
controller/JPaintController.java
 controller.JPaintController
model/interfaces/IDrawShape.java
 model.interfaces.IDrawShape
controller/MouseClick.java
 controller.MouseClick
 controller.MouseClick$1
view/EventName.java
 view.EventName
 view.EventName$1
 view.EventName$2
 view.EventName$3
 view.EventName$4
 view.EventName$5
model/DeleteCommand.java
 model.DeleteCommand
model/RectangleStrategy.java
 model.RectangleStrategy
 model.RectangleStrategy$1
model/TriangleStrategy.java
 model.TriangleStrategy
 model.TriangleStrategy$1
